README.md, before:

# 42_slot_watcher
A simple node.js corrections slots watcher for 42, working on **Windows - MacOS - Linux**. 

### What is this
I was bored of having to refresh the page every 10 seconds to find for correction slots and hoping to be the first one to claim it.
You probably know what I'm talking about if you are a 42 student... so I made this script to alert us when a new slot is available.  
You will receive desktop notifications as soon as new slots has been detected.

---

### Installation
1. Clone the repository : ``git clone https://github.com/MaaxIT/42_slot_watcher``
2. Open the **config.json** file and your own values **(see below for configuration steps)**
3. If you don't have installed npm/nodejs yet, please follow the instructions below and come back here when you're done.
4. Run ``npm run prod`` and here you go, you can take a rest!

### Install NodeJS from Homebrew
***Warning:** If you're using this on Windows, please use Google to learn how to install nodejs/npm. Don't follow this.*
1. Run ``brew --version`` to make sure you have homebrew installed on your computer.  
    If you are on a 42 session, use [**this repository**](https://github.com/kube/42homebrew) to install homebrew.  
    Otherwise, please follow [**this tutorial**](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/install-homebrew-on-mac) that will learn you to install homebrew step-by-step.
2. Run ``brew update`` to make sure Homebrew is up-to-date.
3. Run ``brew install node`` to install NodeJS & npm.
4. Run ``npm --v`` and ``node -v`` to make sure the installation was successfull.

---

### Configuration
1. Connect to the intra, press F12 to open your console, go the "Application" tab and scroll down to the "Cookies" category.
2. Open your cookies from the 42 intra and copy the value of the cookie with the name ``_intra_42_session_production``. Put in into the config file at **session_production**.
3. Then, go to your project and go to the menu where you can see available corrections slots for your project. In the URL, you can see 2 important values :  
--> Use this link as an example: https://projects.intra.42.fr/projects/42cursus-push_swap/slots?team_id=4134397  
-->> **42cursus-push_swap** is your **project_id**  
-->> **4134397** is your **team_id**  

4. You don't have to change other values.
```json
{
    "session_production": "your_session_production",
    "project_id": "project_string_id",
    "team_id": "team_number_id",
    "cooldown": 30,
    "nextDaysLimit": 1
}
```

Commit message:

Add an installation instruction
Make sure the PATH is correctly updated after a Homebrew installation

README.md, after:

# 42_slot_watcher
A simple node.js corrections slots watcher for 42, working on **Windows - MacOS - Linux**. 

### What is this
I was bored of having to refresh the page every 10 seconds to find for correction slots and hoping to be the first one to claim it.
You probably know what I'm talking about if you are a 42 student... so I made this script to alert us when a new slot is available.  
You will receive desktop notifications as soon as new slots has been detected.

---

### Installation
1. Clone the repository : ``git clone https://github.com/MaaxIT/42_slot_watcher``
2. Open the **config.json** file and your own values **(see below for configuration steps)**
3. If you don't have installed npm/nodejs yet, please follow the instructions below and come back here when you're done.
4. Run ``npm run prod`` and here you go, you can take a rest!

### Install NodeJS from Homebrew
***Warning:** If you're using this on Windows, please use Google to learn how to install nodejs/npm. Don't follow this.*
1. Run ``brew --version`` to make sure you have homebrew installed on your computer.  
    If you are on a 42 session, use [**this repository**](https://github.com/kube/42homebrew) to install homebrew.  
    Otherwise, please follow [**this tutorial**](https://phoenixnap.com/kb/install-homebrew-on-mac) that will learn you to install homebrew step-by-step.
2. Run ``brew update`` to make sure Homebrew is up-to-date.
3. Run ``brew install node`` to install NodeJS & npm.
4. Open a new terminal in order to have the PATH correctly updated.
4. Run ``npm --v`` and ``node -v`` to make sure the installation was successfull.

---

### Configuration
1. Connect to the intra, press F12 to open your console, go the "Application" tab and scroll down to the "Cookies" category.
2. Open your cookies from the 42 intra and copy the value of the cookie with the name ``_intra_42_session_production``. Put in into the config file at **session_production**.
3. Then, go to your project and go to the menu where you can see available corrections slots for your project. In the URL, you can see 2 important values :  
--> Use this link as an example: https://projects.intra.42.fr/projects/42cursus-push_swap/slots?team_id=4134397  
-->> **42cursus-push_swap** is your **project_id**  
-->> **4134397** is your **team_id**  

4. You don't have to change other values.
```json
{
    "session_production": "your_session_production",
    "project_id": "project_string_id",
    "team_id": "team_number_id",
    "cooldown": 30,
    "nextDaysLimit": 1
}
```
